hi Internet my name is Sarah T G welcome
to another episode of that creative life
your handing out your business cards
wrong I just got back from a huge video
convention VidCon and people were
handing out business cards left and
right it's kind of weird for me because
for the first time I had a lot of people
giving me business cards usually it's me
on the other side talking to influencers
talking to business people handing them
my card and trying to get them to reach
out to me so I'm going to offer some
tips tricks helpful information on how
you can provide more value to these
people you're talking to and actually
getting in touch with them after you
have that business card encounter at
this video conference I had a ton of
amazing conversations a lot of great
selfie moments but some of the
encounters with people handing me
business cards went a little like this
hey sir
I love your work ah thank you so much
what's your name were you from my name
is Bob um I'm from Dallas here's my card
give me a call okay bye so here are five
tips on how to hand out a business card
this could be to a manager at a company
that you want to work for a online
influencer that you want to collaborate
with or maybe a college representative
to that fancy Ivy League school and you
want to make a good impression on them
so here we go find common ground to talk
about where are they from what kind of
work do they do what do you like about
their work how can you relate to them
and give them common ground to remember
oh you are the girl who is from the same
hometown as them or has the same named
pet or something you want to get them
actually engaged in the conversation
that you're trying to have with them
number two always be thinking of your
next question get them talking about
themselves
who doesn't love talking about
themselves what is their next project
did they like that Hawaii trip that they
this gets the conversation they're
talking about themselves and at some
point in the conversation you can chime
in and relate that back to you if you
want this relationship to go further
beyond this conversation do not do the
selfie card give run away by the way
taking a selfie with someone that you
admire is never something that will ruin
that relationship taking it selfie with
someone is awesome and it makes the
person feel good like they are important
so I'm not docking selfies take all the
selfies you want but don't just take a
selfie and run away this person you're
talking to has probably talked to so
many people got handed so many cards how
are you going to stick out among that
crowd or that stack of cards that they
already have this leads me to point
number four provide value provide value
provide value provide value maybe you
own a company get their email so you can
send them free stuff maybe you help out
with a conference and you want them come
speak give them more information on that
ask for their email blah maybe they're
an online influencer that you want to
collaborate with what is something that
you can do a video to make pictures to
take that you can provide for them not
with them they don't owe you anything
but what's something you can do for them
you have to provide that initial value
and pique their curiosity of who you are
and what you do the last point number
five is the most important and you're
going to be surprised because it
involves not giving them your card of
course give them your card you never
know where that will lead but the most
important part is for you to ask them
for their card or ask them for their
email it is up to you to follow up on
this interaction make the three-minute
conversation that you're having with
them valuable and something they will
remember but then it is up to you to
send that follow-up email or to send
that follow-up tweet I'm very big on
Twitter and following people and
responding to people so maybe it's on
Twitter that you follow that interaction
up with whatever it is it is up to you
so ask them for their contact info
you're going to have much more success
with that rather than just waiting for
them to contact you because odds are
they are extremely busy and you are not
going to be their first priority to
contact so remember to be bold have
confidence in yourself and go up to
these people that might lead to your
next job or your next collaboration or
your next school opportunity you never
know
to recap make this interaction memorable
not too brief but not too long provide
value give them a reason to remember
this conversation and always ask for
their info it's up to you to follow up
well internet Pham thank you so much for
tuning in to this episode let me know if
you liked it hit that subscribe button
down below I put out daily vlogs Monday
through Friday I do that creative life
and also a docu-series called creative
spaces TV look out for a new episode of
that creative life next weekend and yeah
you get to see my face every day on the
vlog so scribble subscribe subscribe and
you guys have a fabulous day
stay peachy I will see you the next one
okay bye Sam wants to tandem boosted
board no no we're going to tandem I
don't know how I feel about this
you're right goofy though yeah fine